Thu Mar 11, 1999

Day 30 to 39 Inventory Observations

Threads:
  Used Car Patterns
  Used Car Information

Last night all I did was inventory Nissans for day 40.  I have decided
to do Nissans on one day, and the rest on another, since there are
always so many Nissans.

I test drove an S13 '88 Silvia K's 1800cc (super black), since at
172bhp for Cr6100 it seemed like a reasonable bhp/Cr deal and was under
the Cr10000.  It was okay.  I bought some stabilizers and racing
exhaust but never put them on since I could win all three Sunday Cup
races without them.  I even qualified third at the Autumn-Mini.

Looking back at earlier days, I see that this car was not such a rare
find, even though it was rare on day 40.  An interesting comparison
would be the S13 '91 Silvia K's 2000cc, 202bhp, available only
occasionally for just a little under Cr10000.  In fact, that might
qualify as the interesting pick of day 30, since it is not available
below Cr10000 on days 1,10 or 20.
===============================================================================
Copyright (C) 1999, the author/owner of http://www.math.uwaterloo.ca/~arpepper
To obtain the email address of the author, take what comes after the
squiggle, and append an at-sign and the Web server names which appears
between the slashes.  Personal email correspondence is invited;
commercial solicitation is not.
The video game title, "Gran Turismo", is a trade mark of Sony Computer
Entertainment Incorporated.
All views are those of the author.  Much information was the author's
opinion or musings at the time of writing, and apparent advice
obviously carries no guarantees or warranties.  If you look closely,
you'll notice he contradicts himself occasionally, anyway.
