Friday November 12, 1999

Zeller's Show the GT2 packaging in their "magazine"

Threads:
  Game Evaluation

My wife brought home a copy of Zeller's "Magazine"--even more than real
magazines just a place for putting ads.

She showed me the Playstation page, and they show the Gran Turismo 2
packaging--not the plain white with "Gran Turismo 2" in black letters,
as is sometimes used for anticipated releases.  This obviously doesn't
mean much, though.  They might just end up disappointed like everyone
else--they're often confused.  They had Gran Turismo at "Greatest Hits"
pricing (without Greatest Hits packaging) for a couple of weeks before
months before anyone else did, and it seems that it was a mistake on
their part, as the price was somewhat quickly put back up after that.
They are advertising Gran Turismo 2 to be the "regular" Canadian price
of $60 from day 1.

What I noticed, though, is that "Gran Turismo 2" has an "RP" Rating,
while "Gran Turismo", also shown in the same ad under "Greatest Hits",
has an "E" Rating.  Whatever all that means.

By the way, the new Gran Turismo 2 packaging at first glance is
difficult to distinguish from the original "Gran Turismo".  The "T" in
the logo has been moved down so a silver "2" can be above and beside
it.

Instead of the car under a silver protective wrapper, the still mostly
dark background has a vague speeding car image, with a very stark
tachometer and speedometer (black figures on white background), laying
almost horizontal in the bottom left-hand corner.  Being the age I am,
I actually mistook the dials for an old-fashioned multiple stop-watch
until I looked more closely.  (The sort Helen Chapman would use to
clock Jim Clark's lap times--you'll often see shots of them on "Legends
of Motorsport", on SpeedVision).


===============================================================================
Copyright (C) 1999, the author/owner of
http://www.math.uwaterloo.ca/~arpepper To obtain the email address of
the author, take what comes after the squiggle, and append an at-sign
and the Web server names which appears between the slashes.  Personal
email correspondence is invited; commercial solicitation is not.  The
video game title, "Gran Turismo", is a trade mark of Sony Computer
Entertainment Incorporated.  All views are those of the author.  Much
information was the author's opinion or musings at the time of writing,
and apparent advice obviously carries no guarantees or warranties.  If
you look closely, you'll notice he contradicts himself occasionally,
anyway.
