Fri Mar 12, 1999

Test Driving the pick of day 30, a S13 '91 Silvia K's 2000cc

Threads:
  Used Car Information

Well, last night in addition to cataloging the rest of day 40, I went
back to day 30 and test-drove the "super black" S13 '91 Silvia K's
2000cc, 202bhp, available for only Cr9560.

Cr9560 leaves almost nothing left over for upgrades, but I did not need
them at all to win the trusty Sunday Cup.  I'd still rather drive a
Supra, but this car won the series easily, even getting the pole at
Autumn Ring-Mini.  I think it is probable capable of getting the pole
in all three races, and I could probably get all three poles with it if
I practised enough.  It doesn't exactly drive like a sports car,
though.

At Grand Valley East, I nearly blew it.  Coming into the hairpin the
second time around (I guess I had not practised that, doing only the
one qualifying lap), I lost it slightly, going off into the gravel and
then looping when I got back onto the pavement.  This left me in sixth
place, though not too far behind.  The car essentially powered to the
win from there on.  By the tunnel I was in third, got second through
the tunnel and I just drove around the outside of the MR2 in the last
few corners to win.  There was, um. "a little" contact.
===============================================================================
Copyright (C) 1999, the author/owner of http://www.math.uwaterloo.ca/~arpepper
To obtain the email address of the author, take what comes after the
squiggle, and append an at-sign and the Web server names which appears
between the slashes.  Personal email correspondence is invited;
commercial solicitation is not.
The video game title, "Gran Turismo", is a trade mark of Sony Computer
Entertainment Incorporated.
All views are those of the author.  Much information was the author's
opinion or musings at the time of writing, and apparent advice
obviously carries no guarantees or warranties.  If you look closely,
you'll notice he contradicts himself occasionally, anyway.
