Mon Mar 22, 1999

Definitive Discoveries about the Used Car Inventory

Threads:
  Used Car Patterns

The Gran Turismo used car inventory repeats itself, both content and
prices, after 600 simulation days.  It changes only every tenth day
(i.e. on days with a "zero" as their last digit, so actually the first
time it changes after only nine days, since the game starts at day 1).

I discovered the length of the cycle after I noticed that day 1820(!)
inventory was identical to day 20.  Actually, the fiji blue Mitsubishi
'92 GTO at day 1800 for Cr8860 stayed in my mind too.

Having thereby verified that content and prices did cycle in synch, I
realized the thing to do was look on appropriate days for a milano red
del Sol '93 S for Cr8580 in Honda slot 1.  I knew the cycle wasn't 100
or 200, so, starting with my saved 250 day game I tried 300, 360, 450,
and finally at 600 I found the cycle.  I was glad, because otherwise I
probably would have stayed up and inspected day 900.   (I would have
got to there as fast as possible; I'd actually turned attempts before
that into a semi-reasonable, although slow, A-license game; hopped up a
Supra, won the Chaser, but couldn't win USvsJP with the Chaser on first
try, and then my wife began watching television on her set beside mine,
so I started just doing or abandoning more license tests).

I think the fastest way to run up days is to get into a license test,
and keep saying "Try again", and "exit" instead of running the test.
Each abandonment uses a day without needing to do any "Loading..."
(Amusing note; the game actually stores the in-memory replay data for
your abandoned try  8-)
===============================================================================
Copyright (C) 1999, the author/owner of http://www.math.uwaterloo.ca/~arpepper
To obtain the email address of the author, take what comes after the
squiggle, and append an at-sign and the Web server names which appears
between the slashes.  Personal email correspondence is invited;
commercial solicitation is not.
The video game title, "Gran Turismo", is a trade mark of Sony Computer
Entertainment Incorporated.
All views are those of the author.  Much information was the author's
opinion or musings at the time of writing, and apparent advice
obviously carries no guarantees or warranties.  If you look closely,
you'll notice he contradicts himself occasionally, anyway.
