Sat Apr 24, 1999

NISMO GT-R LM at Grand Valley, and S14 Silvia LM at All-Night I

Threads:
  Grand Valley 300 Results
  All-Night I Results
  Race Results
  Special Model Information

   Nissan NISMO GT-R LM (special model)
   Grand Valley 300km Endurance Race

   q1st(just) 1:44.682not(-0.032)     Cr20,000

   Results:

   1st  GT-R LM           1-40:30.4<---
   2nd  GT-R LM            +161.462  (1-43:11.9)
   3rd  IMPREZA RLY Ed     +186.019
   4th  EXIV 200GT         +320.960
   5th  LANCER EvolV GSR   +333.728
   6th  ACCORD Sedan       +501.248
   
   lap 1   1:51.860
   pits   12,24,36,48
   fl  (38)  1:35.102
   slowest  non-pit   (50)  1:45.128
   fastest pit laps   (36in)  1:54.504
                      (49out) 1:43.950

I got the lead on lap 3, and never lost it, not even for pit stops.
Note that the winning time was slow.  I had a terrible first lap (I
came off on the first hairpin); does that slow the AI cars down?

I had several other minor disasters, probably 30 or 40 seconds worth in
total.

Of course, I won Cr300,000 plus a black/green(again?) Castrol Supra GT.

Again this field, led by the identical other GT-R LM, was not very
competitive.  I thoroughly lapped the entire field, but would have
just barely managed to do so with a "normal" 1-42:00 field.

Thread: All-Night I Results
Thread: Prize Car Information

To finish off the evening, I took the green S14 Silvia LM, won at SSR11
All Night I, and entered it in its own event.  Although it won, it did
not do quite as well as I expected.

   Nissan S14 Silvia LM (green)
   Special Stage Route 11 All-Night I

   q1st(just) 1:56.301not            Cr20,000

   Results:

   1st  S14 Silvia LM Ed  56:27.691<---
   2nd  GTO twinturbo       +33.811  (57:01.502)
   3rd  R32GT-R'91          +42.070
   4th  CASTROL Supra GT    +49.250
   5th  LANTIS TypeR       +207.834
   6th  ACCORD Sedan       +234.060
   
   lap 1   2:00.137
   pits   10,20
   fl  (24)  1:48.497
   slowest  non-pit   (30)  1:54.251
             nextit   (18)  1:53.818
   fastest pit laps   (20in)  2:10.545
                      (11out) 1:53.286

In this race I had a bad start, and then traffic held me up for a few
laps, but I never did go as fast as I had managed in practice.  I had
some good, exciting-looking racing with the second-place TwinTurbo.

The ectoplasm green Silvia won Cr150,000 plus an identical ectoplasm
green Silvia.
===============================================================================
Copyright (C) 1999, the author/owner of
http://www.math.uwaterloo.ca/~arpepper To obtain the email address of
the author, take what comes after the squiggle, and append an at-sign
and the Web server names which appears between the slashes.  Personal
email correspondence is invited; commercial solicitation is not.  The
video game title, "Gran Turismo", is a trade mark of Sony Computer
Entertainment Incorporated.  All views are those of the author.  Much
information was the author's opinion or musings at the time of writing,
and apparent advice obviously carries no guarantees or warranties.  If
you look closely, you'll notice he contradicts himself occasionally,
anyway.
