Mon Mar 1, 1999

Young Children and Gran Turismo

Threads:
  Other Games
  Crash Bandicoot
  License Test Progress
  Children
  Used Car Patterns
  Race Results

Thread: Children

So last Saturday I stayed with my 7-year-old nephew and his younger
brother and their father while their mother went shopping with my
wife.  The plan was for my nephew and I to play lots of Gran
Turismo.  Preferably, for my nephew to play a lot.

First plan, take my saved game with B license and Cr10000 and enter
Sunday Cup, with me doing the two races and my nephew the High Speed
Ring.  Went flawlessly at first.  He actually won at the High Speed
Ring, no racing tires; I had bought but not installed the stabilizers.
I'm not sure if I'd done any weight reduction or not.

So, we race a little more and get Cr35000, so I buy a Cerbera LM from
my regular card and, oh dear, he really can't make use of all that
extra power.  So I demonstrate how you can use it to finish all three
Sunday Cup races so far ahead all cars are still "Running..." before
the next screen comes up.  This gives me some more money to try plan B,
and soup up the Supra a bit, definitely a bit of weight loss, racing
tires and a racing exhaust, and I installed the stabilizers.  That's
it.  No extra turbo.  I remember when I was learning, the racing tires
made the car seem impossible to lose control of.  I tried the car out,
and, I guess, I ran the Autumn Mini Ring (my nephew probably practised a
couple of test run laps).  But then the High Speed Ring comes, and he
now can't keep control of this car either.  Out of curiosity and
young-type boredom he tried racing Grand Valley East as well.  He used
some interesting theory of running through the inside of the hairping
to avoid the gravel.  But, yes, he found the entire course very
difficult and came last.  And I was perplexed anyway because it did
not seem that I could soup that car up to be a close to guaranteed
winner for him.

We switched to trying to get blue dots in arcade mode.  But that didn't
really work, either.  I ended up doing most of the racing and all of
the winning.  I actually left some A class for him at one point,
but he told me to finish them up for us.

Actually, his main contribution was to persuade me to switch rather
than fight, and stop trying to beat the '67 Corvette at Trial Mountain
with a Mitsubishi GTO Twin-turbo.  Sure enough, I managed to slide the
'67 Corvette around to a win.

He actually ended up interested in the license tests.  He thought the
B-license final must be impossible after trying it, though.  So I
demonstrated a winning technique, squeaking in with .111 to spare after
announcing in the esses that I was probably going to fail.

He sort of got into the start/stop tests, and even the cornering tests,
but could not actually pass any of them.  He actually managed to
develop some technique of getting around the B-4 corner without using
his brakes, or squealing his tires.   I.e. he gradually decelerated
with the throttle.  It looked very tidy, but was about .5 seconds too
slow.  It's difficult to explain the concept of late braking.

At one point we had tried two-player arcade mode, but I don't know what
the best way to do that is, without obviously throwing it.  I suppose
two-player mode might be able to demonstrate late braking, if we ever
stayed together enough.  I had realized that two-player mode would be a
problem, but had not thought beyond that to a proper solution to the
problem.  Pick Eunos Roadster or something like that for myself seems
like the best idea.  I forget what car pairs we tried.  I think
"handicap" was set to "low", almost certainly I should have made it
"high".  Problem is you can't set the handicap to always be against one
player.  It's always against the leader, so if I do fall behind, I get
help catching up too...

Thread: Crash Bandicoot

Anyway, sometime during the license tests my wife returned with her
sister and a brand-new copy of "Crash Bandicoot 3", so no more Gran
Turismo got played in that house that day.

On Sunday I played some more.

I'm still uncomfortable with Mitsubishi GTO twin turbo, and couldn't
beat my own GVEii Time Trial with it.

Thread: Used Car Patterns

I bought another mega memory card, and have recorded days 20 to 250 at
10 day intervals, to examine car stock.

I did license tests to run up the days. To keep track of which day I'm
on, I flip through a 10-card "deck" of playing cards, just A to 10.

Thread: License Test Progress

I got B in 16days (1&2 are the problems, a little trouble with 8).
I got A in 61days.

After that picked a test to better for ten days, ending up with

            B GSBSSSSB  4:32.XXX (I think)
            A SSBBBBSB  4:58.XXX (I think)

I could not get gold on A-7 for some reason.

It looked like there always a Black Mica Supra and a High-Tech Two Tone
Levin (white).

*But* I later observed that that that Levin went away on day 1610,
coming back on 1620.

I never saw any '67 Corvette at the Chevy dealer.

I ran a fairly disastrous USvsJP with prize RX7 LM.  I came 6th at
Trial Mountain ii after losing it at the end while in 2nd.  I was in
contention at SSR11, but could not get it together.

Thread: Race Results

I took my Celica 4wd to 4wd Championship.  I did win the series, but
with some help.

I had nice win at Trial Mountain ii, and a nice controlled win at Grand
Valley i (You can always get back two first in the half-tunnel after
the bridge).  The competitors had split the points, so I only needed 2
points to win the series, and, indeed I got the required 5th place at
SSR5ii--couldn't get enough speed out of car on that circuit, and so
won 20 to 19.

Oh well, this was a nice consolation prize.  When I first put that car
together (trade value Cr99,960), it did not seem competitive at all,
now I can win with it (as you can tell, it is not maxed).
===============================================================================
Copyright (C) 1999, the author/owner of http://www.math.uwaterloo.ca/~arpepper
To obtain the email address of the author, take what comes after the
squiggle, and append an at-sign and the Web server names which appears
between the slashes.  Personal email correspondence is invited;
commercial solicitation is not.
The video game title, "Gran Turismo", is a trade mark of Sony Computer
Entertainment Incorporated.
All views are those of the author.  Much information was the author's
opinion or musings at the time of writing, and apparent advice
obviously carries no guarantees or warranties.  If you look closely,
you'll notice he contradicts himself occasionally, anyway.
