Saturday August 21, 1999

Race-modded '94 Impreza Wagon WRX Wins at Grand Valley

Threads:
  Grand Valley 300 Results
  Race Results
  Used Car Information

Well, since I'm contemplating buying an Impreza Wagon, I've been
test-driving the Gran Turismo versions quite a bit lately, although
I used Dave Connoy's FAQ to pick the one with the best statistics,
which happens to be the 1994 WRX.

A nice "active red" tuned version won UKvsJP (although I did quite
badly at Trial Mountain II), and also the Hard-Tuned Series twice
(though I lost Autumn Ring II both times, but did nicely control and
win Grand Valley II).  A race-modded version swept all poles and races
at the GT World Cup, just barely qualifying first at Deep Forest.

So, I decided to try that car in the Grand Valley 300.

   "real game" day 4167
   [R]Impreza'94 Wagon WRX
   Grand Valley 300km Endurance Race

   q1st 1:43.248not     Cr20,000

   Results:

   1st  [R]Impreza'94 Wgn WRX 1-36:47.5<--
   2nd  [R]NSX-R LM GT2        +309.502   (1-41:57.0)
   3rd  [R]GTO twinturbo       +321.381   (1-42:08.9)
   4th  [R]Impreza Rly Ed      +418.959   (1-43:46.5)
   5th  [R]Primera'90 2.0Te    +432.538   (1-44:00.0)
   6th  [R]Celica GT-Four      +535.169   (1-45:42.7)
   
   lap 1   1:43.217
   pits   12,25,37,50
   fl  (15)  1:32.801
   slowest  non-pit   (21)  1:41.322
             next     (40)  1:37.938
   fastest pit laps   (25in)  1:54.485
                      (26out) 1:40.585
   slowest pit laps   (37in)  1:59.437
                      (38out) 1:41.915

So, I got the lead at the end of lap one, after bad negotiation of the
first two hairpins.  I never lost the lead after that.  This was a
relatively fast field, so it was lap 12 before I first lapped the
last-placed car.  I lapped the field by lap 20, and delayed my next
pitstop by one laps in order to keep my lead (I had lost some time on
lap 21 on the sharp corner before the first tunnel).  The strategy
worked.  I ended up in a similar situation on lap 49, and staying out
until lap 50 kept me ahead of cars I had recently passed, and probably
helped me to lap the entire field three times just before the end.

Nonetheless, my time was not excessively fast, although it was my
fastest time with any car except the North American Comcept Car
or a GTO twinturbo.  My usual laps times were 1:34's and 1:35's.

I won Cr300,000, and a black/blue Castrol Supra GT.


===============================================================================
Copyright (C) 1999, the author/owner of
http://www.math.uwaterloo.ca/~arpepper To obtain the email address of
the author, take what comes after the squiggle, and append an at-sign
and the Web server names which appears between the slashes.  Personal
email correspondence is invited; commercial solicitation is not.  The
video game title, "Gran Turismo", is a trade mark of Sony Computer
Entertainment Incorporated.  All views are those of the author.  Much
information was the author's opinion or musings at the time of writing,
and apparent advice obviously carries no guarantees or warranties.  If
you look closely, you'll notice he contradicts himself occasionally,
anyway.
