Thursday September 2, 1999

Preparing the RX7 for the Grand Valley 300

Threads:
  Special Model Information
  Race Results

Well, I won the GT-I Cup with the RX7 LM to-night; warm-up for the
Grand Valley 300.  Swept everything except, I think, High Speed Ring
pole position, winning 54 to 32,28  (AI Impreza and NSX-R almost traded
the other points).  The handicap algorithm was very evident at the last
SSR11 race; I spun out in the chicane on lap 3, and the Impreza went
by just as I had turned around, but before I was up to speed; I must
have been a good three seconds behind, but caught and passed it.
(Though we did go elbow-to-elbow through the last chicane).  I wouldn't
have got away with that against the GTO twinturbo, though, I don't
think.

My fastest lap at the Grand Valley race of that series was comparable,
but not any better than, the times for the Impreza Rally and '94
Impreza Wagon WRX.  So I'm not overly confident of beating their times,
although I do still have to get a "smooth rhythm" with this car again;
it's very responsive and a big contrast to the drifty 4wd cars.  (The car
I was racing before this was the Special Model 4wd Mitsubishi GTO
"twintubbo").

Thread: Tuning Advice

I'm not convinced I believe this "lower ride height is always faster"
theory, even when you don't run into bottoming out problems, etc.
It does seem to make cars like the RX7 slide more around corners.
===============================================================================
Copyright (C) 1999, the author/owner of
http://www.math.uwaterloo.ca/~arpepper To obtain the email address of
the author, take what comes after the squiggle, and append an at-sign
and the Web server names which appears between the slashes.  Personal
email correspondence is invited; commercial solicitation is not.  The
video game title, "Gran Turismo", is a trade mark of Sony Computer
Entertainment Incorporated.  All views are those of the author.  Much
information was the author's opinion or musings at the time of writing,
and apparent advice obviously carries no guarantees or warranties.  If
you look closely, you'll notice he contradicts himself occasionally,
anyway.
