Friday November 5, 1999

My Impressions of the Underground Jampack Gran Turismo 2 Demo

Threads:
  Game Evaluation

     Remember, remember the fifth of November
     Gunpowder treason and plot
     We see no reason
     Why gunpowder treason
     Should ever be forgot!

My wife really doesn't like watching the Underground Jampack Gran
Turismo 2  Demo as much as she likes regular GT replays, although the
GT2 demo is probably as good as the original GT *demo*.  Somehow when
they developed the original GT daylight tracks they fed back between
design and implementation to help make sure the graphics could be made
crisp, clean and non-repetitive.  (Some of those giant Bonsai trees in
the new demo look too identical to each other, even if they aren't).

It took us a while to realize you can change the colours of the cars in
the arcade demo--including the "not available" ones.  Red minis look
very nice.  But 62ps?   8-(

We also didn't realize for a while that there were two demos in the
demo.  Even though the replay theater is inaccessible, if you leave the
demo sitting on the home screen for long enough it begins cycling
through replays--I think I saw six before it then exited back to the
Vault level.  Speaking of inaccessible features, I sure hope GT2 lets
you reconfigure your controllers as before.  I don't suppose they've
moved it to the pre-race screen where it belongs though.  8-(

The first replay was a dirt track rally-type course with a car
time-trialing along it, tail-sliding, etc.  (Sorry I'm not good with
quick car ids...)

There is one featuring a Mini crawling its way to the lead in an urban
course.  It looks quite pathetic, actually.  I mean the graphics looks
quite accurate and everything, but the cars just look *SO* *SLOW*.  8-)

Probably the most impressive replay is a race among 70's muscle cars on
a daylight urban course similar to the Driver world.  There are lots of
buildings, and few, if any, tunnels, and all the buildings look quite
realistic.  I always wondered if all the tunnels in GT1 were there for
some nefarious reason (to let the graphics engine keep up or catch up,
or something).

There are some sports cars driving around Laguna Seca (you can
recognize the corkscrew, especially if you watched the Gran Turismo
interview on the same disk), but the level of detail of that track is a
little disappointing.

Another demo features racing-mod cars around a small low-bank oval
track--you can recognize the Castrol Supra GT, although it looks like
its styling has been "squashed" slightly from GT1.

And another race has sports cars going around good old night-time
Special Stage R5; Big Ben is still there, but some parts of the course
look slightly different, but I'd have to drive it to say for sure.

At least one of the replays had the same problem as GT had (e.g. at
Grand Valley East ii on the straight towards the final hairpin) where
the background would not be properly rendered, but shown only in very
harsh pixels or blocks.  (And similarly crowds in the stands are still
squares of random colours).  And "jiggling" of the contents of
road-side adverts seems worse in the new demo.  And it's impossible to
see which way the orange arrows are pointing before you get too close
to react properly.  (Of course there was always DFRWii in the original
GT where you could see the arrows, and had to remember they were still
pointing the wrong way   8-)

Also, although you could change the car being tracked in a replay, by
using the up/down buttons as in GT, I could only get it to cycle
between in-car and telecast view; I couldn't get the replays to adopt a
"chase" view.  Also, the demo seems to have no way of getting either a
rear-view mirror or a course map overlay.
===============================================================================
Copyright (C) 1999, the author/owner of http://www.math.uwaterloo.ca/~arpepper
To obtain the email address of the author, take what comes after the
squiggle, and append an at-sign and the Web server names which appears
between the slashes.  Personal email correspondence is invited;
commercial solicitation is not.
The video game title, "Gran Turismo", is a trade mark of Sony Computer
Entertainment Incorporated.
All views are those of the author.  Much information was the author's
opinion or musings at the time of writing, and apparent advice
obviously carries no guarantees or warranties.  If you look closely,
you'll notice he contradicts himself occasionally, anyway.

