Thursday January 20, 2000

Slumming

Threads:
  Children
  License Test Progress

We're set to visit my nephew next Saturday, and, other things being
equal, a major part of the agenda will be trying to help him learn
to pass his Gran Turismo 1 A License tests.

So last night I once again  went through my licenses from scratch in
Gran Turismo 1, to make sure I had not lost the touch.  I was only a
little bit slower than I expected.  The only thing I noticed was that I
was often, but not always, a bit over-cautious when braking in Gran
Turismo now.

I got home last night some time after 8pm, and started doing the tests
shortly after that, and also ate supper around that time.  In any case,
by 9:30pm I had acquired my A license.

Here are notes I made.

      B - I got all bronze, on the first try, except for B-2 which 
          I failed on the first try and got silver on the second try.
  day 10
      A-1      2 tries, 1 failure, 1 silver
      A-2      bronze in 1 try
      A-3      bronze in 2 tries
      A-4      bronze in 8(!) tries   38.854
      A-5      bronze in 1 try   31.411
      A-6      silver in 3 tries   26.479
      A-7      gold in 1 try   28.013
      A-8      bronze in 2 tries, 1:06.993

  day 30

It was now 9:30pm, probably less than one hour after I started
the B license start.  I had eaten supper by now.

  day 30
      IA-1     bronze in 1 try     1:06.779
      IA-3     bronze in 3 tries   2:02.325
      IA-5     bronze in 1 try     1:23.997(!)
      IA-7     bronze in 2 tries   2:12.383

      IA-2     bronze in 3 tries   1:29.261
      IA-4     bronze in 2 tries   1:23.537
      IA-6     bronze in 2 tries   1:32.699
      IA-8     bronze in 3 tries   1:58.538

  day 47

It was now 10:05pm.

I then realized I should have kept replays of the A license runs, since
bronze-level runs will probably be more useful for my nephew to look at
than the gold-level runs of the Demonstrations in the Replay Theatre.
Too bad you can't look at them from within the license test screen;
hmm.  you can't actually do that in GT2 with your own replays, either.
So anyway, I redid the A tests to save the replays.

   Replays   (I didn't note how many attempts I took to get the following)

      A-1      33.032  Bronze
      A-2      25.330  Bronze (forgot to record 25.190 silver)
      A-3      43.577  Bronze
      A-4      38.833  Bronze
      A-5      31.159  Bronze
      A-6      26.832  Bronze
      A-7      27.789  Gold
      A-8    1:07.525  Bronze

It's possible I did them all on the first attempt; it certainly never
got very desperate-feeling.

===============================================================================
Copyright (C) 1999, the author/owner of
http://www.math.uwaterloo.ca/~arpepper To obtain the email address of
the author, take what comes after the squiggle, and append an at-sign
and the Web server names which appears between the slashes.  Personal
email correspondence is invited; commercial solicitation is not.  The
video game title, "Gran Turismo", is a trade mark of Sony Computer
Entertainment Incorporated.  All views are those of the author.  Much
information was the author's opinion or musings at the time of writing,
and apparent advice obviously carries no guarantees or warranties.  If
you look closely, you'll notice he contradicts himself occasionally,
anyway.
